fix(docs): update modular models (#714)
openfga/openfga.dev: docs/content/modeling/modular-models.mdx

<DocumentationNotice />

Modular models allow you to split your authorization module across multiple files and modules. 

> As authorization models grow larger and more difficult to understand as more teams contribute to a model. As a result, model ownership boundaries may not be clear and code review processes might not scale.

Reviewer: Maybe a lead in to this might help?

```suggestion
As adoption of <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.ShortForm}/> increases, authorization models can grow larger and more difficult to understand. As a result, model ownership boundaries may not be clear and code review processes might not scale.
```

### Modules

Modules are declared using the `module` keyword in the DSL. They can be written across multiple files and a single file cannot have more than one module.

Currently, modules are stored as metadata but are not used by <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.ShortForm}/>. Module metadata will be used in upcoming features, like applying authorization to writing and reading/querying tuples.

### Type Extensions

> In some cases, core module types that admin teams depend on might not contain all the relations they need. However, if those module types aren't needed across the system, it doesn't make sense for those relations to be owned by that type's owner.

Reviewer: I think admin might not be needed here
```suggestion
In some cases, core module types that teams depend on might not contain all the relations they need. However, if those module types aren't needed across the system, it doesn't make sense for those relations to be owned by that type's owner.
```
